I am very welcome to Palm Springs in the California desert
this new egypt
a kind of mini-corner
sexiest financial targets
as it was the first model launched in the late 60s
at the time the goal is equipped with a 4-cylinder engine the clubs of 90 days
per day of war
but enough to have fun in a beautiful little car
start with the sisters of the first generation model
it is a model
prepared initially planned
as to his name
p
but I was 2007 keeps the same philosophy
I said at the time
a roadster the more aggressive style
a second equipped with counselor jeanne-mance viger
crossing the streets of the little sausage but I was cured of a
finish
there jr
the period a lot of plastic fischer
the general presentation of fortis
he is rather nice with a very pleasant driving position
if the aspect and sporty
all of this
the practical side however it should not be neglected
this is the only storage the little I've been
little man
more seats
the power can not be too strong
American customers have done
a small box having sold
this is for the facts of sexual assault
a bit like the cabbage sanction of decapoter
the installation of which she would only have to manipulate it
the easy part
the lithium engine by here tonight
the direct injection system
I feel it's something
available at low syrian regime
Sunday seriously the character
Swiss soldiers
the money is well used
justice and media
this speed table it also benefits from a suspension more
rather comfortable
on the other hand the pg it does not protect much quality in the world
and its consumption are small countries
the onboard computer we raised
his visit during our test the suicide bombings are red while
that the defects
c new who for and oppose it
p
pp